It's your position or is it your position?
If that request was made of general law,
and the cause of bureaucratic faith in the innocence of these mind,
the innocence of the court,
where they took this credit, Senator Matradi, and it's that.
For neither of them.
For neither of them, I'm its chairman.
And there are one or two subjects about which we desire
to close the exam and Mr. Adams.
They are not as peculiarly within the knowledge
of Mr. Thomas Trois, and I now desire to retire
and ask Mr. Trois to resign because he's
to continue across the examination.
Hello, Sarah.
Tom, here.
Hello.
Hello, please.
Okay, go.
Okay, Charles, go to the chief counsel's entry.
Please.
Good.
Mr. Adams, the rest of us,
to Senator Matradi's charge,
at the 34th age,
Army, so called in mint,
was issued publicly in an effort to stop investigations
of the McCarthy Committee.
As I understand, you're a testimony,
committing January 23.
You began the preparation of the various memorandums,
recounting the events to which you've given your testimony.
That's correct.
Yes, sir.
About to March 11 of this year,
did you exhibit that memorandum
to any members of the threat?
Yes, I did.
To rule.
I have been enrolled to the Geo-Devices.
I have been in part to fill a part of the Baltimore town
to hold a big event in New York,
to view and to very crucially
the examination of one or two favorites
to the Murray-Mider of the Washington Post.
Are you a speaker?
I think I moved more on the piece.
I said I exhibited an info to those of all of us.
Five feathers to fill a potter in the Baltimore town,
five feathers to home a figure to the arrow to be on
and Murray-Mider of the Washington Post.
When did you exhibit this to Mr. Jill DePaul?
Oh, I remember.
Oh, they did it around the 50th to the 80th there
and it was about the February.
And when did you exhibit the memorandum
to the other gentlemen that you've made?
Well, all of us were around that time.
I mean, all of them were in my office
about that time, sometimes time,
and sometimes it was the second
of the 70th February there, am I?
Now, these various members of the threat
to whom you exhibit these memorandums,
if you know that they had written articles
on the present they share what they say to Jonathan McCartney.
Yes?
Why did you exhibit those memorandums
to members of the threat
when you knew that those reporters
were on the planet to send it to McCartney?
Well, I didn't exhibit it to them
because they were on friendly with Senator McCartney.
I exhibited it to them because I knew them
in some instances where I admired them in one instance.
Did you know Mr. Olsuk try to be engaging?
No.
I'll try it, no.
Oh, Mr. Olsuk said no.
Sir, if you can see, I scrolled right to one of the reporters
or any of the reporters.
They didn't get to be under the discussion of this.
I said no, sir, I did not.
As you have seen before, that I came.
Yes, I have seen them.
He's been pointed out to me.
I rule a lot.
I know his brother is slightly.
I've met his brother in Timoncus in one couple of years ago.
And let's add on some of the causes of charge
that all the night of January, 20th,
you express to his children the report
on the Facebook list of coal.
Unless the Senator stops his investigations
beyond the ultimate of that charge.
I have it, sir.
And it was on the next day,
January 23, that you've convinced the preparation
of no report which was the rocket-drivenness coal.
That's correct, Mr. Sir.
Yes, sir.
I'm January 23, I dictated my first name around.
But, as you go, I did not expect the Senator MacArthur
on the night of January 27.
I have made no way to deal with that.
I have a second term, because the Democratic Affairs charge
did not choose.
You testify that you're not the same as the others
that on the night of January 22,
Senator MacArthur suggested that Mr. Coal
conduct with you had already resolved
in the MacArthur Committee's
stoppage of the investigation of the arms.
No, I don't think I've said that he said he had already
resolved it.
He said to me that Mr. Coal's action
forces us to terminate our investigation of the arms.
He said the fireman concerned the investigation is over.
Now, just out of the things I think the Committee
and the Democratic Senate's class
is interested in learning what
you divulge this information
of a derogatory nature concerning Mr. Coal
to various members of the press.
So soon after the preparation of the memorandum
and before it was made public.
Now, will you attempt to explain this?
Well, this is a very easy experience that I had been
having through the fall in the winter.
We're no secret.
They were known to all of my folks in the office
of the Department of Council of the Army.
They were known to my family.
They were known to me, particularly these facts
with reference to the treatment I had been receiving
were known to some of the newspaper men who covered the hearing.
Some of the incidents were known to them.
On January 9th, when I went to Amherst, Massachusetts,
on the occasion of the KP incident,
I was just something by a newspaper man
who was also making the speaking of KP talks there.
I told him about the KP incident when it occurred.
And during the course of our travel back,
I had returned to do them in some detail.
My experience is with the Committee and with the Committee
Sam.
On December 15th, there has been an actionally syndicated
columnist, I think, from two persons who have written
in detail about the preferential treatment which
drives a shyness of the PD.
As can't the addiction.
On December 23rd, there was an article in the Baltimore
Stone about the same matter.
On January 20th and 21st, I had a occasion
to interview five different members of the Senate who
are sitting on this Committee today.
And I told him, for instance, for members of the Senate,
my deputy interviewer, this told him some parts
of the incidents which had occurred, which made it pretty well known
to members of this Committee.
On January 21st, as I have stated to you,
I had a interview with five top officials
of the government outside of the Army.
At which time I discussed the matter in considerable detail.
Between January 20th and January 30th, I
was at a meeting in the Army, attended by about 20
off to the Army when I discussed the matter in considerable
detail.
So by the time that I had my file in December, I was
thinking there were a total of somewhere between 30 and 50
people who had perstand knowledge of the incidents or part of the
incidents which had occurred.
And the newspaper man who had come here to be the Army
snapped two tapes and the newspaper man knew who
myself subsequently, knew who my total part of each
fact, I pledge that they might not release the documents.
They might not, I didn't give them the paper, they might not
release any of the facts.
They couldn't write about it.
They couldn't refer to it.
In the far as I was able to determine by following the
newspapers, no one of them ever did.
But in the day of the year 29th, while my paper was still
under preparation, while my file was still under
preparation, the commanding general had sport sticks.
Made a public announcement to the fact that he was
having the Inspector General at sport sticks.
Investigates the allegation to preferential
treatment to By the Shine.
On January 29th, New York Post carried a large story.
It was generated from sport sticks.
On February 1st, the Army received a first inquiry from
a member of the Senate and enclosing some of these
newspaper stories which had been written in December.
On February 4th, we received our second one.
During the court of February, we received a total of six
from members of the Senate, one from the chairman of the
House Media Armed Services, all of them making reference
specifically, but the Army give a report on this matter,
all of them making reference to newspaper stories which
they had read prior to the time that my paper was prepared.
Under those circumstances, I do not think, particularly in view,
is the fact that the newspaper men do to my talks and who
respected my confidence.
I do not think that I really, just in tonight.
Would you identify as a reporter as amherst?
I'll be friendly at the Washington Post.
Did you have any particular reason for taking out the
report that you just made?
Well, I was so popular with all of them, I was done at the
former office of course.
We have many usual friends.
I come to know him very well during the sportsman
in the investigation.
I have a high regard for him.
I consider him a both friend of mine.
I had a similar regard for Murray-Mariner.
And although I hadn't known over Bigger's age, had served in
Korea, I had the work or a fun and was popular and was
introduced to me by Potter, who sent him over and asked
if I would talk to him about this matter at the same time
on a confidential basis.
Those of all that came to me at about this same time told me
that he was aware of the portfolio I had and he respited.
Not in detail, from what I've respited enough to make me aware of
the fact that he knew about it.
I held him in the highest admiration and I still do.
I expected that he would be the winner.
Those of all of us.
Thank you.
And I still do.
I expected him to reject my confidence and he did.
Oh, five of the new types of men, with whom I talk,
respected my confidence.
No one of them wrote anything and any newspapers that I would
find, which was in any way related to this document,
prior to the time of the Army report, was medically hit on my can.
Mr. Adams, I understand you.
The first testimony, the existence of these memorandums
in the early part of February, was rather notoriously known.
There were a number of people who knew about the situation
and there were a number of people who knew about the problem I was having.
There were a number of people who knew about the rendering myself
so it's due to the existence of your own.
Yes, I think so.
So, quite a few people knew about the existence of the file.
Now, you did not divulge the contents of the memorandum
to any members of the Congress.
No, still after the Senate's file.
I wrote this letter on Marcie.
No, sir.
That's right.
But you did divulge about the fact that I didn't show any members of the Congress,
any of my men.
But you did divulge that to at least the four or five former
of the press and four or 30, 50 other people.
Something like that, yes sir.
Now, all of the additional questions,
excluding the new statements,
confined to the Pentagon.
No.
Most of them were in the Pentagon.
I related yesterday a meeting that I had in the Department of Justice
where I divulged these facts to five officials outside of the Pentagon.
I participated many of these memorandums at home in my discipline.
And members of my family, my wife's family,
adults with their presence and her dedication.
One of them is an officer in the wax.
The other is then a Mr. Mann in the Army,
neither of them stationed in Washington.
One of them is a professor at Duke University,
and all of them from time to time.
I heard of these incidents.
I wanted to general public to know that you had these derogatory memorandums.
No.
You were using every effort to keep it covered up, that's right?
By the time to February, I decided that I'd better lock it up,
and I did lock it up,
and it was not taken out of my state,
except to attend additional memorandums to it.
Until it was given to Mr. Hempel on the 28th of February.
You weren't holding that memorandum as a source to use against the Senate from the cost,
and you were in health.
You do know that the fact that the memorandum was made general is public
from March 11th,
it served self-investigation.
Yes sir, that was by action of the Committee, not by action of the Army.
The memorandum was not made public by the Army,
it was submitted to members of Congress.
You did not walk the memorandum to work the stopping of the Senate from across its investigation.
That's your testimony?
I had no plans with reference to the memorandum.
I did not participate in the division as the memorandum would be submitted to the Congress.
The battle of the Senate and the party has charged on the 13th of its investigation.
Number 32, as far as from mid-Aktual for through January 1954.
Miss Adam sought on numerous defeats to secure from the chairman and subcommittee staff.
They promised to stop if he and Mr. Stevens spoke both general law,
commanding general at fourth month, and relieving him obvious command.
Is that charged true or not?
That charged false.
Did you or not call Senator McCarty on many or few occasions or any of these?
And it's by Senator McCarty that the Secretary was considered relieving general law for his command.
I did not call in McCarty.
I had one personal conversation with Senator McCarty on November 24th or November 25th in New York.
Conversation with Senator McCarty on his speech.
I advise Senator McCarty to serve as a servant.
Mr. Stevens, I have talked to Mr. Stevens by long distance telephone.
Mr. Stevens had stated to me that he had received some allegations,
and if they proved true, we're serious enough so they might fit the balance and require him to release general law.
He asked me if I would speak to General Lawton or Senator McCarty about it.
Makes Senator McCarty aware of the fact that the Secretary might find it necessary to take this action
and to assure Senator McCarty that the action was not being taken because of the fact that General Lawton had cooperated with me.
I did have such a talk with Senator McCarty.
I called Mr. Stevens back.
I stated to him that Senator McCarty had indicated that he felt that it was the regardless of whether or not he was silent.
Members of the press would take it as a slap at Senator McCarty.
And that Senator McCarty suggested that Mr. Stevens were going to do it.
Would it be possible to wait until the first of the year, which would be about five weeks, Mr. Stevens response to me,
was that he could not prompt because if these allegations proved true, he might have to go ahead in any event.
I didn't pass that on to Senator McCarty.
I have no further conversations with Senator McCarty about the matter.
I told Mr. Stevens in the subject when telephone conversation that Senator McCarty was going to be going for ten days.
And he's gone to Wisconsin for ten days.
And perhaps Mr. Stevens would be willing to give these allegations were developed.
To all of us and to the Senator McCarty came back so that he wouldn't read it in the paper in Wisconsin or something like that.
And Mr. Stevens said he might be able to do that, but he wasn't sure.
I have no other conversations with Senator McCarty about the matter that I remember.
No other conversations with any other member of the staff until the day of December 17th.
When we were sitting at luncheon, when Mr. Cohen stated that Mr. Stevens was planning to relieve General Oven only because he was friendly with the committee.
And I had responded to Mr. Cohen that that was not true and he knew it wasn't true.
The final conversation I had with anybody on the subject was Mr. Stevens on about the first of the year when I inquired of him as to what steps he intended to take on the matter.
He stated to me that the allegations which had been brought to his attention he does not think it's been proved.
I missed out on best go back to the original question.
And I want to say it in this manner.
If you not on the occasion of your first conversation with Senator McCarty concerning the proposed relieving of General Oven,
please do extract from Senator McCarty a commitment that he, the senator, would remain silent and not make a public issue if Senator Locke, if General Locke were relieved.
I don't remember putting it in those terms.
I tried to point out Senator McCarty that Mr. Stevens found it necessary to take this action.
He hoped that Senator McCarty would understand that it was not being done as retaliation and was not in the duty.
The decision to extract from the senator of former society.
I don't remember doing that.
The ultimate winner of society.
I don't think all right.
Did you ask him if he would be silent?
I asked him what action he would say. He said he thought that he would say I'm not saying anything about it,
but that he might be forced into it by hostile threats.
What was the purpose of your conversation with him to determine whether or not Senator McCarty would remain silent?
No. The purpose of my conversation was to make him aware of a contemplative action of the secretary.
And you are interested in learning whether the senator would make a public issue out of it.
I was a person interested in finding out whether he would make a public issue if it mattered.
I was not trying to extract any promise I was inquiring that what his attitude was made was my opinion.
You were interested in learning whether or not the senator would make a public issue out of it.
Is that correct?
Yes, sir. I think that is correct.
Was that not the sole purpose of your conversation?
No. No, Mr. Stevens made it quite fair to me that he might believe they all serve as artists.
And I was not authorized and Mr. Stevens had no intentions as I understood it.
I was not moving provided Senator McCarty objected. He made it quite clear to me that he might have to move.
And he hopes to send him a county would understand that it was not intended.
I just want that Senator McCarty or the committee, but that it was deemed on.
If it was done, he called another allegation.
I'll speak to another secretary. And then I will conclude my examination.
You and Mr. Cohn developed a rather close friendship, convincing around first thought, Cohn, did you not?
Yes, sir. I think it was a close friendship based on our professional relationships.
We didn't see each other's evening in Washington on any occasion that I remember.
We were out together in New York on about two occasions in the evening.
But we were at the same hearings and we walked back and forth from the restaurant together in a group.
And we were quite famous.
Was it your idea that the course of youth duties compelled you in grace eating yourself and making yourself as friendly as possible with Mr. Cohn?
Well, I have no such idea that that being part of my duties.
You thought you were wrong with the committee?
Oh, yes, sir.
And is it not true that many of these remarks or abuses that you have detailed on the part of Mr. Cohn
were made in a position or a job you'll be in?
On the subject of shine, nothing was funny. Nothing was suspicious. Nothing was Jovia.
Well, the five two refused remarks and obscene language confined to Mr. Cohn's end of the conversation.
I think so, yes, sir.
They never eliminated from you, Nelson.
I have nothing to abuse, Mr. Cohn.
That's all I have to do.
And as much as there's almost five o'clock then, these can't be kept as we were.
We have to keep it up until 10 o'clock tomorrow.
You have just heard Chairman Montenau that the committee will hold its next session at 10 a.m. tomorrow morning.
And that's this long session this afternoon, almost three hours of it, as concluded with the Army Constellar
and one of the principals in this controversy between Senator McCarthy and the Army, Mr. Cohn Adams,
still on the stand and still on the cross-examination by the committee council, Mr. Ray and Jenkins,
that the record straight, Mr. Cohn just today, examined Mr. Adams directly,
that is to bring out all of the facets of the case that were favorable to the Army side of the controversy.
And today, the other tact and cross-examination brought out all of the elements that were favorable to the case of Senator Joseph McChryft.
you